---
title: Tending the Flocks
date: 2018-3-22
---

#### A New Root


The good news is that our ministry has been able to relocate itself in such a way as to utilize the resources it receives more fully for supporting Native American causes and living off Mother Earth more gently. The bad news is that this awesome opportunity has come about because the support that should have been received by this ministry was not present. In many cases, outright betrayal has been a factor wherein people spoke that they believed in the mission of this ministry with their mouths. Their actions, however, spoke otherwise. Nonetheless, our core group of people has remained steadfast and strong. As we begin the process of starting the physical groundwork that mirrors our faith, we still find ourselves in need of supplies and resources.

#### Off The Grid

One thing that our beliefs strongly echo is the sentiment that in order to truly have wealth at this point in time, it is imperative to be as free from the grid of modern civilization as possible. The use of resources by society has become overwhelming. The solutions adopted cannot possibly sustain a human population that continues to grow. A cursory look at what nature is doing in response to the strain placed upon it by this parasitism shows that the Earth is in a period of biological decline. When the aquarium becomes too full of fish, eventually the fish die because the water becomes too dirty. That is where we are now as a biological entity upon the Earth. Civilization, then, is likely to go through a "weeding out period" where people will suddenly be forced to live without modern conveniences. How can we attempt to live in a civilized manner without reliance on services we have come to take for granted?

#### Different Kinds of Housing

We are currently evaluating different building techniques that would be similar to some that might have been used by Native American populations. There are a variety of earth houses that can be made. What is more difficult to address are things like electricity and water. To this end, we need resources such as solar panels, wind turbines, batteries, and so on. Ideally, we would like to find solutions that can be made simply with materials from the Earth that are readily available. For instance, how does one get power should they have the misfortune of having their solar panel break? If you cannot purchase another, this clearly presents a problem. However, what if it were possible to "bake" a material that would work in a manner not totally different than a solar panel does? Now the need has gone from one of needing something industrial to simply needing the appropriate amount of heat. These are the things we are looking to explore.

#### You Can Help

We are still also functioning as a full ministry. The idea is, of course, that if we can cut down on our living expenses and save resources, we should do these things without hesitation. After all, if our lifestyle is not consistent with solving the problems we face in a modern civilzation, it becomes difficult to speak about what behavior people shoudl adopt. We need financial resources as always. The goal is still $50,000. The good news is that now when we reach that goal, the money we receive will not be absorbed by a tremendous electric bill or rising water bill. This means as solutions present themselves, we will be able to develop them more fully until our methods are refined. Then, we hope to be able to show others how we are living to present an alternative to the current system. 

#### Our Present Condition

Currently, we are staying within an RV which has been loaned to us for that purpose. Naturally, it would be nice to have our own RV, and so if someone has one of those they wish to give, that would also be a benefit. We do not have a sewer running to our RV. Rather, we are using a method of human waste composting. Much of the technique relies on open-air decomposition of piles of waste that are mixed with matter such as sawdust and leaves. This material chemically begins to "burn" as compost does. Within the home we apply the same technique in a portable manner so that the waste can be added to the compost. This eliminates entirely the need for so-called black water storage. 

For our grey water, we have dug a pit and back-filled it with various material utilizing the same technique. We have planted various trees to take advantage of this added moisture and compost. One such tree is a paw-paw tree. This was a tree the Natives used in the region and has since become somewhat scarce since people have cut down so many trees. This allows a natural harmony between waste and food in a mutually beneficial cycle. These are the solutions we seek to develop.

Our water at this point comes from on-board storage. We would like to get to a point where we can collect rainwater to replenish our needs, but so far have not had the time and resources to develop such a system. We are hoping hopefully by this summer to have this system in place. 

With these current adjustments, we have eliminated the need to pay rent. Likewise, we have no sewer bill. We pay neither for electricity nor water at the moment, but we are using a system which is still connected to the main grid to meet these needs for now. With your help, we can cut our dependence on that too.

#### Wish Lists

Pretty much anything that would help us be self-sufficient and not need to depend on industrial solutions is welcome. A hydro-generator might be interesting to try. Non-traditional batteries would be fun to see the efficiency of. Likewise, it would be nice to involve Natives that know something about this kind of lifestyle in for consultation. If you have money or a supply of anything that you know is good for off-the-grid living, let us know! Once we get ourselves fully situated, it allows us to carry on in a more fully Mishpat Messianic way! After all, we will be living more justly on the earth. 

